When you want to work with clinical data, knowing the impact of the attributes in the result is essential. For example, in the breast cancer dataset, first of all, you should study the effect of Age or Race on the rate of survival status; moreover, it is crucial to understand specific features like different stages and grades. So I suggest you briefly study breast cancer before you delve into the dataset. According to the WHO, many factors increase the risk of breast cancer, including: increasing age, obesity, harmful use of alcohol, family history of breast cancer, history of radiation exposure, reproductive history (such as age that menstrual periods began and age at first pregnancy), tobacco use and postmenopausal hormone therapy. Approximately half of breast cancers develop in women with no identifiable risk factor other than gender (female) and age (over 40 years). You can find a relation between features like T stages and tumor size. T Stage =This tells you the size and location of the tumor. N Satge = N refers to whether cancer has spread to nearby lymph nodes. N1, N2, and N3 indicate that cancer has spread to nearby lymph nodes. A Stage: refer to M refers to whether the cancer is metastatic, which means it has spread to distant parts of the body.

The overall stages of cancer range from 0 to 4. Stage 0 means the breast cancer is at a very early stage and has not yet spread. Stage 4 refers to late stage breast cancer, which means it has spread to other parts of the body.

People with ER-positive early breast cancers tend to have better survival than people with ER-negative early breast cancers. As the studies below show, 5-year survival after diagnosis is about 10 percent better for women with ER-positive early breast cancer than for those with ER-negative early breast cancer.
